1. Select the names of all the products in the store.
select name from Products;

2. Select the names and the prices of all the products in the store.
select name,price FROM Products;

3. Select the name of the products with a price less than or equal to $200.
SELECT name FROM Products WHERE price<=200;

4. Select all the products with a price between $60 and $120.
 select * FROM Products WHERE price BETWEEN 60 AND 120;

5. Select the name and price in cents (i.e., the price must be multiplied by 100).
SELECT name,price*100 FROM Products;

6. Compute the average price of all the products.
SELECT AVG(price) FROM Products;

7. Compute the average price of all products with manufacturer code equal to 2.
SELECT AVG(price) FROM Products WHERE Manufacturer=2;

8. Compute the number of products with a price larger than or equal to $180.
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM Products WHERE price>=180;

9. Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to $180, and sort first by price (in 	descending order), and then by name (in ascending order).
SELECT name,price FROM Products where price>=180 ORDER BY price DESC , name ASC;

10. Select all the data from the products, including all the data for each product's manufacturer.
SELECT a.*,b.name FROM Products a JOIN Manufacturers b on(a.manufacturer=b.code);

11. Select the product name, price, and manufacturer name of all the products.
select a.name, a.price, b.name from products a join Manufacturers b on(a.manufacturer = b.code);

12. Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing only the manufacturer's code.
SELECT AVG(Price), Manufacturer FROM Products GROUP BY Manufacturer;

13. Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing the manufacturer's name.
select avg(a.price), b.name from Products a join Manufacturers b on a.manufacturer = b.code group by b.name;

14. Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price larger than or equal to $150.
select avg(a.price), b.name from Manufacturers b join Products a on b.code = a.Manufacturer group by b.name having avg(a.price)>=150;

15. Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
SELECT name, price FROM Products WHERE price=(SELECT min(price)FROM Products);
SELECT name, price FROM Products order by price ASC LIMIT 1;

16. Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product.
